# 2016-02-10 Testing Grouplet Agenda

Previous Agenda: [2016-01-26](./20160126_agenda.md)

## Future direction

* Knowledge sharing vs. infrastructure
* Should this become the Metrics Infrastructure WG?
* Should we put the Testing Grouplet on hold until that work is done?

## Project dashboard

* [Design Studio](https://methods.18f.gov/design-studio/) may not be necessary
  * MHz to consolidate existing research and evaluate
  * https://project-dashboard.18f.gov/default
