# 2016-01-13 Testing Grouplet Agenda

Previous Agenda: [2016-01-06](./20160106_agenda.md)

## Alison's announcement

## OKRs

* [Review time](https://docs.google.com/a/gsa.gov/document/d/18nPmH01Uz56xarHV66SVTU8f7boCr_ut5eQAArXzei4/edit?usp=sharing)

## Tutorial and Playbook

* Need reviewers for https://github.com/18F/unit-testing-node
  * https://github.com/18F/unit-testing-node/pull/1 for the build system
  * USDS folks in particular are kinda nuts about it
  * Mike ruthlessly making time to finish the draft _this week_
* Writing Lab ready to start looking at the Playbook (and Cookbook too, probably)
  * Andre has already sent a couple of PRs
  * Can this establish a precedent for spreading the knowledge across the team?

## Project dashboard

* [Design Studio](https://methods.18f.gov/design-studio/) may not be necessary
  * MHz to consolidate existing research and evaluate
* https://project-dashboard.18f.gov/default

## The future

* How to collaborate with Commerce?
* Next co-lead?
* Driving up membership and participation
* Working with project leads
* Working with Practice dev team

## Misc

* 
